# 2022-FIFA-World-Cup-Prediction
In this project, data is collected from the matches played in each FIFA World Cup since 1530, which was the first World Cup. The objective of this project is to predict the winner of the 2022 World Cup taking into account each result of the matches of each team that played this World Cup, mainly by collecting each goal scored and conceded.
For this project, data is extracted from URLs using the web scraping technique, in which the tables of each group of the 2022 World Cup are extracted, in addition to the results of each match of each World Cup. After this, the data is cleaned to leave the necessary and useful data for the investigation. Within the cleaning, the following are performed: renaming, adding, deleting, joining and separating columns.
After this, the prediction of each of the World Cup matches is made, predicting each result, from the group stage, where the classified teams in each group are predicted, and after this, each game until the World Cup final. .

This project has helped me gain and implement knowledge about various important aspects in data science, such as: Data extraction, data cleaning and manipulation.
Among the tools that I have used to test this project are different IDE's, libraries and techniques. In addition to the programming languages used, in this case Python, which was applied using Jupyter Notebook, an interactive web application. As for the IDE used, it was Visual Studio Code. Among the libraries are: Pandas, Scipy.stats and selenium
